Jack and Jill went up the hill, to fetch a pail of water.

Unfortunately, Jack tripped over a root.

Fortunately, Jill was standing close by

Unfortunately, Jack continued to tumble down the hill.

Fortunately, the Flash saved Jack from falling over the hill’s edge.

Unfortunately, Jill started screaming at the Flash who ran away and let Jack die.

Fortunately, a thousand screaming snakes descended upon jack and catapulted him into the sun.

Unfortunately, the pail of water disintregated through the heat of the sun.

Fortunately, the Jedis used their time altering powers and had a working fridge.

Unfortunately, the Dragonsnakes attacked.

Fortunately, the avatar master of all four elements is capable of stopping this threat.

Unfortunately, when the world needed him most, he vanished.

Fortunately, not a drop of water was spilled, and the village was saved.

Fortunately, the storyline was so silly that no one believed that the Dragonsnakes
existed, so they vanished.

Unfortunately, the Dragonsnakes did actually existed and murdered all the stormtroopers that landed near the swamp.

Fortunately, Jack was praised by the villagers for clearing out the stormtroopers and they built a statue of him in city hall.

Unfortunately, Jack was still gone and so was the water.

Fortunately, a wizard reversed time and the pail was remade full of water.

Unforunately, Jill didn't catch the new pail. 

Fortunately, the scarlet speedster, Flash returned and caught the new pail before it dropped.
 
Unfortunately, the Flash ran so fast and the fission he created burned Jill's clothes off.


Fortunately, the producers were able to keep this PG by making Jill a man.

Unfortunately, some SJW's went to rant on twitter.

Fortunately, not a drop of water was spilled, and the village was saved.

Unfortunately, although no water was spilled it was disintegrated, thus killing off all the villagers due to dehydration.

Fortunately, The village was left in perfect condition :)

Fortunately, not a drop of water was spilled, and the village was saved.
>>>>>>> 14ad0fb28efc890b4da50d42fd36ccb8aaebec2a
