Jack and Jill went up the hill, to fetch a pail of water.

Fortunately, Jill has good balance and got a pail of water. She process to walk down the hill without Jack.

Unfortunately, Jack fell down half way down the hill and did five front flip before he broke his arms.

Fortunately, Jill now had the higher ground.


Unfortunately, someone didn't follow lab directions, and Jill is going to be horribly
confused by the two fortunatelys in a row.

Fortunately, she can take good luck in stride, so she seemed ok.

Unfortunately, James T Kirk materialized onto the slope beside them, and he was no help.
He kept muttering "Beam me up, Scotty - we need Bones here, not me."

Fortunately, Jill's sister was strong in the ways of the force, and could
resist the pull of the USS Enterprise's transporter beam.

Unfortunately, Jill's sister did not have the reflexes to dodge fifty dodge balls thrown by the Flash.

Fortunately, The Flash's strength could not compare and the balls did no damage.

Unfortunately, Jill underestimated Jack's power.

Fortunately, Jill loved Jack like a brother.

Unfortunately, Jack had already turned to the dark side.

Fortunately, not a drop of water was spilled, and the village was saved.

Unfortunately, they were in Tatooine, so there was no actual water.

Fortunately, the storm troopers did not need their ID's.

Unfortunately, Jack and Jill went to the wrong well. This well had dangerous poison in its water and it poisoned all the villagers. This caused the military to take action and they launched a tactical nuke targeting Jack and Jill.

Fortunately, Jack scared off his enemies by saying "What the smurf did you just smurfing say about me, you rebel scum? I'll have you know I was the last Supreme Chancellor of the Republic, and I started the Clone Wars, and I have over 300 controlled solar sectors. I am trained in the Dark Side of the Force and I'm the top Sith in the entire Galactic Empire. Your planet is nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe it the smurf out with power the likes of which has never been seen before in this galaxy, mark my smurfing words. You think you can get away with saying that smurf to me over the holonet? Think again, Jedi. As we speak I am contacting my apprentice from across the galaxy and your rebel base is being traced right now so you better prepare for the 501st, Jedi scum. The 501st that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your rebel base. You're smurfing dead, Jedi. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just without my lightsaber. Not only am I extensively trained in Dark Side combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the galactic imperial stormtroopers and I will use them to their full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the galaxy, you little smurf. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" destruction of my Death Star was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have retreated your smurfing X wing. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you goddamn rebel. I will shoot lightning all over you and you will drown in it. You're smurfing dead, Jedi."
